Split ios sdk pages (#13379)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ios/usage.mdx

---

> title: iOS SDK usage

Reviewer: I'm cool with usage, but you gotta update the side nav labels for Node.js, Python, and React Native too

sidebarTitle: iOS
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
github: 'https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-ios'
icon: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/integrate/ios.svg
features:
  eventCapture: true
  userIdentification: true
  autoCapture: true
  sessionRecording: true
  featureFlags: true
  groupAnalytics: true
  surveys: true
  llmAnalytics: false
---

import IOSIdentify from './_snippets/identify.mdx'
import IOSSendEvents from '../../integrate/send-events/_snippets/send-events-ios.mdx'

## Capturing events

> <IOSSendEvents />

Reviewer 2: There's another `Autocapture configuration` section in here where we could link to the config doc.

```swift
PostHogSDK.shared.capture("signed_up", properties: ["plan": "Pro++"], userPropertiesSetOnce: ["user_property_name": "your_value"])
```

## Super Properties

Super Properties are properties associated with events that are set once and then sent with every `capture` call, be it a `$screen`, or anything else.

They are set using `PostHogSDK.shared.register`, which takes a properties object as a parameter, and they persist across sessions.

For example, take a look at the following call:

```swift
PostHogSDK.shared.register(["team_id": 22])
```

The call above ensures that every event sent by the user will include `"team_id": 22`. This way, if you filtered events by property using `team_id = 22`, it would display all events captured on that user after the `PostHogSDK.shared.register` call, since they all include the specified Super Property.

However, please note that this does not store properties against the User, only against their events. To store properties against the User object, you should use `PostHogSDK.shared.identify`. More information on this can be found on the [Sending User Information section](#sending-user-information).

### Removing stored Super Properties

> Super Properties are persisted across sessions so you have to explicitly remove them if they are no longer relevant. In order to stop sending a Super Property with events, you can use `PostHogSDK.shared.unregister`, like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Removing stored super properties

Super properties persist across sessions so you have to explicitly remove them if they are no longer relevant. To stop sending a super property with events, you can use `PostHogSDK.shared.unregister`, like so:
```

```swift
PostHogSDK.shared.unregister("team_id")
```

This will remove the Super Property and subsequent events will not include it.

> If you are doing this as part of a user logging out you can instead simply use `PostHogSDK.shared.reset` which takes care of clearing all stored Super Properties and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This removes the super property and subsequent events will not include it.

If you are doing this as part of a user logging out, you can instead simply use `PostHogSDK.shared.reset` which clears all super properties and more.
```

---
title: iOS SDK usage
sidebarTitle: iOS
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
github: 'https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-ios'
icon: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/docs/integrate/ios.svg
features:
  eventCapture: true
  userIdentification: true
  autoCapture: true
  sessionRecording: true
  featureFlags: true
  groupAnalytics: true
  surveys: true
  llmAnalytics: false
---

import IOSIdentify from './_snippets/identify.mdx'
import IOSSendEvents from '../../integrate/send-events/_snippets/send-events-ios.mdx'

## Capturing events

<IOSSendEvents />

> ## Preventing sensitive data capture

Reviewer 3: I trust/assume that from this point forward it's just copy-🍝
